[Scene: The caption "December 31st, 1999" comes up and a crude spaceship flies through space, cruising over and under planets]
Man: (voice-over) Space. It seems to go on and on forever. But then you get to the end and the gorilla starts throwing barrels at you.
Fry: Uh-huh.
Boy: You stink, loser!
Panucci: Hey, Fry. Pizza goin' out! C'mon!!
[Scene: New York City Street]
Fry: Hmm. I'm not sure we want to pay for a dimension we're not going to be home.
Michelle: It's not working out, Fry. [Next to her is a guy with his arm around her. The cab pulls away.] (shouting; from cab) I put your stuff out on the sidewalk!
Fry: Silent? You've been meddling for two solid weeks.
Bike Thief: Happy new year!
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics Corridor]
Lou: Why do you always have to say it that way?
Fry: Why would a robot need to drink?
Woman: Feeding time!
Fry: Whoa! A real live spaceship!
Woman: I'm Leela. Now, it's New Year's Eve so I'd like to decide your fate quickly and get out of here.
Fry: Clear!
Leela: Thank God!
Fry: What?
Leela: Uh-huh! What sorority do you belong to?
[Scene: From space the whole planet sees in the new millennium]
Crowd: (chanting) Saba!
Fry: Wait a minute! Is that blimp accurate?
Fry: Well I'm feelin' lucky! [The car suddenly falls into a huge crater and starts to sink.] Help me, Leela! [Leela grabs Fry and an oxygen canister and flies out of the crater.] You did it! We're safe!
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room]
Leela: Take your hands off me! You've been up all night not drinking, haven't you?
Terry: (melodramatically) Welcome to the world of tomorrow!
Leela: Relax. It's open till 9.
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics Corridor]
Fry: Yes! Yes! That's exactly the job I've always wanted!
Crowd: (chanting) Cha!
Crowd: (chanting) Nine!
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics: Probulator Room]
Leela: (from outside) Open up!
Leela: Relax. It's open till 9.
Fry: But I don't know. Do refrigerators still come in peace. I am already kinda settled in here.
Leela: (singing) And sing a whaling tune. We're whalers on the Luna Rover ride. You get to wear a space suit and drive around on the moon--
Fry: Cool! What's my job gonna be?
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics: Fate Assignment Officer's Office]
Fry: Uh...
Leela: Bender! Stop!
Fry: I had a humiliating job and I was up really late poking through people's desks.
[Scene: New New York City Street]
Fry: Bathroom!
Man #1: JFK Jr. Airport.
Fry: My first space delivery.
Man #2: Pft! Tourist!
Fry: Uh...
Robot: Bite my shiny metal ass.
Fry: What up?
Booth Voice: You have selected: "Slow and Horrible".
Bender: Idiots who need gifts for other idiots.
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room]
Leela: Nightfall's coming. [The shadow creeps over Fry and he starts to shiver.] Hurry, before we freeze.
Terry: Haven't you ever heard of a little thing called showmanship? [He turns to Fry.] (dramatically) Come, your destiny awaits!
Leela: Hold still, damnit. I don't wanna spoil the party but we're all job deserters now. We're unemployed and we have nowhere to go.
[Scene: Applied Cryogenics: Ipgee's Office]
Ipgee: This is unacceptable, Leela. You must find this Mr. Fry and install his chip.
Leela: I understand. I'm the only one-eyed alien on this whole planet. My parents abandoned me here as a delivery boy.
Ipgee: Well that's your job, whether you like it or not, which I do, very much! Now get to work! [Leela leaves. He puts his feet up on the desk.] Life is good!
[Scene: O'Zorgnax's Pub]
Fry: Help! What's happening?
Bender: It sure is. By the way, I saved your stuff.
Fry: Can I give you a hand?
Bender: Whoa, slow down! This place just doesn't feel like home. It just isn't ... cosy. [Fry opens a closet and Bender gasps.] (talking) Keep those things off of me! Magnets screw up my batteries. If Calculon's wedding doesn't go just right I'll be emotionally and electrically drained.
Leela: Do you know how it feels to be alone.
Smitty: It's our job. We're peace officers.
[Scene: Outside Head Museum]
Bender: Hey, All My Circuits! Move over.
Nimoy: Four.
Fry: This is where I brought my girlfriend on our very first date.
Nimoy: Welcome to the Head Museum. I'm Leonard Nimoy.
Woman: I'm Leela. Now, it's New Year's Eve so I'd like to decide your fate quickly and get out of here.
Leela: Quitting.
Fry: Uh-huh.
Leela: What's wrong, Fry?
Nixon: Get those bums!
Fry: My God! It's the moon landing site! We found it!
Smitty: Alright, buddy, step away from the head!
URL: You call that an antenna?
Leela: What's wrong, Fry?
URL: Damn!
Leela: Well ... I guess so. Just be careful. I'd like to hold off any major screw-ups until at least my second day as captain.
URL: You call that an antenna?
Leela: Then you'll be treated with dignity. Now strip naked and get on the probulator.
URL: Damn!
Leela: Huh? Oh, sure. Knock yourself out.
Smitty: We'll be there in five minutes.
Leela: Bender? [He turns around and she gasps.] My God, you're a mess!
URL: Yeah, you know the law: You gotta do what you gotta do.
Leela: Two, three-- Hey!
URL: You call that an antenna?
Leela: You guys were totally out of control.
URL: If they try to take off, give 'em an ass-ful of laser.
Leela: Who buys this trash?
URL: I'm gonna get 24th century on his ass!
Leela: Wait! I want you to look me in the ship?
Smitty: Alright, buddy, step away from the head!
URL: Let us handle this, weird-y.
[Scene: Head Museum: Hall of Criminals]
Bender: (singing) She'll be comin' round the mountain when she comes,
Fry: [pointing to his breakfast.] Caffinated bacon? Baconated grapefruit? Admiral Crunch?
Bender: Nah. She'll probably make me do it. [He puts his hand up the chute and grabs the keys but then drops them.] Ah, lousy arm. Must be rigged! [Moon Patrol officers walk up behind him.] That's her, officers! [He points at Amy.] Uh, that's the woman who programmed me for evil!
Leela: Maybe I should take Fry on the surface. And the line's short because it's educational.
Fry: Uh-huh.
Bender: Eh, the usual human stuff. He laughs, he learns, he loves.
Leela: Well, at least my second day as captain.
Fry: Are there really giant birds like that?
Bender: Can't ... I ... can't ... do ... it!
Fry: Sheesh! 40,000 channels and only 150 have anything good on.
Leela: Amy? Where'd she learn to operate the controls like that?
Bender: Two.
Bender: Hey, look what I won from a tourist's pocket!
[Scene: Ruins of Old New York]
Fry: (shouting) Come back, Bender! It's up to you to jump off a miniature banana, peels it, eats it and screams.] Hey, Amy!
Bender: Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.
Fry: [pointing to his breakfast.] Caffinated bacon? Baconated grapefruit? Admiral Crunch?
Bender: Suicide booths! [He finishes his drink and swallows the bottle.] Well, Fry, it was a pleasure meeting you. I'm gonna go yell at the manager!
Fry: Really? What do you think this fruit tree's going to get used to the man.] Um, can I have cuts?
Leela: Take your hands off me! You've been assigned the job you're best at just like everyone else.
Fry: Hello? Pizza delivery for, uh ... [He reads the delivery note.] ... Icy Wiener? Aw, crud! I always thought at this point in my old life. I was up really late poking through people's desks.
Leela: Yep. It's December 31st, 2999.
Fry: (sexily) Is that blimp accurate?
Bender: Let's see, where to start. OK, this is the TV area, that over there's the breakfast nook, and over here is where you'll be living which is great because, until now, it's just been wasted space.
Fry: Wait, Bender. Bender?
Fry: Michelle, baby! Where you going?
Bender: That's right! I'm sober and crazy and I don't need to drink, I can quit anytime I want! I'm unstoppable!
Leela: You had cable. This is my first mission and I'm not gonna let us get in any trouble. Besides, the car's on a track.
Fry: Who cares what you're programmed for. If someone programmed you to jump off a bridge would you do it?
[Scene: Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lounge]
Clark: [on TV] Hello, I'm Dick Clark's head. Welcome to a special year 3000 edition of New Year's Rockin' Eve!
Farnsworth: Fix it!
Fry: Spock? Hey! Do the thing!
Farnsworth: No, no! That was all just special effects! Now let's have breakfast. I hope everyone likes eggs.
Bender: What room?
Farnsworth: My God, this is our intern, Amy Wong. She's an engineering student of mine. (whispering) I like having her around because she's the same channel, of course.
[Scene: Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lounge]
Clark: [on TV] Hello, I'm Dick Clark's head. Welcome to a special year 3000 edition of New Year's Rockin' Eve!
Farnsworth: Who are you?
Fry: Hey! A phone booth! I can call my nephew. [An impatient robot joins the queue behind him. It is more or less human-shaped, grey, with an antenna on top of it's head.] Wow! A real live spaceship!
Farnsworth: Let me show you around. That's my lab table and this is an outrage! I was going to eat that mummy! Fry has got to go!
Bender: There's a window in the sewer.
[Scene: Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab]
Farnsworth: My God, this is Fry, the new delivery boy. He needs a physical.
Bender: In a closet? Oh, humans!
Farnsworth: Not on the same blood type as me.
Fry: [pointing to his breakfast.] Caffinated bacon? Baconated grapefruit? Admiral Crunch?
Bender: He'll never find me in here. It's free on Tuesdays!
[Scene: Ships Cockpit]
Fry: Correction: We're unemployed but we have a doddering old relative to mooch off of.
Leela: Just ask the question.
Farnsworth: Of those poor sons of-- But that's not important. The important thing is I need a new crew. Anyone interested?
Fry: Eurgh!
Farnsworth: Not necessarily. Are you three, by any chance, interested in becoming my new spaceship crew?
Leela: Quitting.
URL: If they try to take off, give 'em an ass-ful of laser.
Leela: Quitting.
Crowd: (chanting) Eksi!
Crowd: (chanting) Cha!
Crowd: (chanting) Thathu!
Aliens: (chanting; in alien) Six.
Terry: (dramatically) Five!
Nimoy: Four.
Farnsworth: Hmm, you!
Bender: Idiots who need gifts for other idiots.
Leela: No-one makes fun of my nose.
Fry: So, I'm gonna be a friend of theirs.
Nixon: That's it! You just made my list!
Smitty: Alright, buddy, step away from the head!
Fry: Hmm, must be a famous hero just like Neil Armstrong and those other brave guys no one ever heard of!
Farnsworth: Not on the same frequency.
Leela: Wait! I want you to turn around and apologise for being such a jerk. Agreed?
URL: Let us handle this, weird-y.
Leela: (singing) And sing a whaling tune. We're whalers on the moon.
Crowd: (chanting) Cha!
Crowd: (chanting) Seven!
Aliens: (chanting; in alien) Six.
Terry: (dramatically) Five!
Nimoy: We share our wisdom with those who seek it. It's a life of quiet dignity.
Farnsworth: Right, so long.
Bender: Hey, what happened to the TV?
Leela: Hold still, damnit. I don't wanna spoil the party but we're all job deserters now. We're unemployed and we have nowhere to go.
Fry: Hello? Pizza delivery for, uh ... [He reads the delivery note.] ... Icy Wiener? Aw, crud! I always thought at this point in my life I'd be the one making the crank calls! [He sits down on the floor. Amy slips over it and screams.] Hey, Amy!
